---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Nothing really regarding the class.

### __What's in your way?__
As always, not enough time! Really busy week next week. :)

### __What will you do next week?__
Attend the lectures and study for the exam.

---

## Experience in the class
The class has been getting more interesting. We are getting more into fun stuff (functional programming and so on).
I think I am getting an intuition of how python works, which is just great. I am really excited to start working on 
a big project next week (and hopefully I can put it on my resume too!). 
Exam is next week and I don't know how hard it is going to be. OOP exams last semester weren't very hard.
But if there will be a lot of questions from the readings, it might be. 

One thing that is bother me, however, is the class policy on missing class. Specifically, the fact that if you miss five
classes, you get a one-letter final grade drop. I am going to have to skip several classes in order to fly out to interview
with companies on their campuses. And I am fine losing points for the quizzes I will miss but a one-letter drop seems 
very harsh measure for a Monday-Wednesday-Friday class (so it's impossible to fly out to an interview and be in class).
So Downing tries to encourage us to get an internship but this policy limits me in my posibilities. 

## Pick of the week

[Here](https://www.quora.com/How-does-a-visually-impaired-computer-programmer-program) is a Quora question titled "How does a visually impaired computer programmer program?"
