---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Completed Netflix project

### __What's in your way?__
Nothing really. I'm glad to be done with Netflix project, so that I have time during the career fair week.

### __What will you do next week?__
Career fair and study for interviews! Not going to do much on CS 373. 

---

## Experience in the class
This week of class went by just fine. The class is getting more interesting as we go "deeper" into Python. 
It seems like we will talk more about functional programming (Downing mentioned higher-order functions) but we will see.

Last week we worked (and finished!) Project Netflix. It turned out to be much easier that I expected. 
We didn't have to come uo with any sort of clever algorithm to get the target accuracy. 
However, we are training and testing on the same data, which seems like cheating. 
What I was wondering is what accuracy would we get had we had our training and testing data separated. 
I bet if we had the entire semester to do it, we could do decently. 
The Netflix prize was awarded in 2009, 7 years have passed, technology has improved.
CPUs are faster and Machine Learning has come farther. 

We also had a UTCS grad who works at Bloomberg come and give us a talk. 
One things that I like about this course is people giving talks about tools they use. 

## Pick of the week

Slides from a presentation by Justin Hileman called [Changing History, or How to Git pretty](https://presentate.com/bobthecow/talks/changing-history)
If the presentation is too long to read, you should definitely take a look at [this amazing flow chart](http://justinhileman.info/article/git-pretty/git-pretty.pdf)
which summarizes the talk. 
