---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Attended class, worked on non-swe related stuff. 

### __What's in your way?__
Not that much right now. 

### __What will you do next week?__
Finish project 3!!!

---

## Experience in the class
This past week we had the hardest quizzes. 
It seems like the issue is not the material, but the way the questions are asked. 

On Monday quiz average was 1.9/5 (which is 38%).
On Wednesday quiz average was 1.9/4 (which is 47.5%)
On Friday quiz average was 1.5/5 (which is 30%).

The material on the quiz was not from the book, it was covered in class and the class attendance is pretty consistent.
What this means is that most people attended class and then got a 38% on the material covered.

That being said, I think teaching is not the problem. At least for me, I feel like I understand what's going on in class
and Downing is a good teacher. I think it's the quizzes. 

If you calculate the average for all 29 quizzes we had so far, it is 67%. That means that most of the class is failing.
Of course, there are drops, but this average does not include people who did not take the quiz (and drops don't count then).

I missed two classes because I had interviews at the time and those quizzes are not getting dropped. 

I don't want to come off to harsh but I want to be clear: I am happy with the class and class material.
I think it is useful and it is taught in a great way. 

But I do think the quizzes are an issue, which is why I am writing about this. 


## Pick of the week
[Sorting Algortihm Animations](https://www.toptal.com/developers/sorting-algorithms/)
Something you can stare at forever :)

