---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### __What did you do this past week?__

School just started this Wednesday, so we only had two classes. I didn't have time to start working on the things for SWE but I did order some textbooks for it. 

### __What's in your way?__

Time. I got back to Austin on Monday and had a lot of annoying chores to take care of. Hopefully, it'll be a little better soon.

### __What will you do next week?__

Play around with docker. This is a tool I am particularly excited about using. Project is not due until week after the next one, so I'm probably not going to start it at least until next Sunday. 

---

## Expectations
I am passionate about developer tools. I think this comes from my desire to be productive and my love for clean code. This is why I am excited about this Software Engineering course. When I took OOP last semester, Downing put a lot of emphasis on developer tools and this is what the course seems to be centered on now too. The tool that I'm especially excited about is Docker. I have been hearing about it for the past 2 years but never got to actually use it. It seems like we'll be interacting with it quite a bit. 

One of my concerns is that there will be a lot of overlap with OOP. So far, this has been true. We went over assertions and unit tests, just as we did in OOP before. I can't say that I learned much, since we already went over that 6 months ago. Another thing that bothers be is that the papers listed on the schedule are pretty much the same as in OOP. 
However, I am looking forward to work on a big meaty project, building a website from backend to frontend. Hopefully, this will help me understand what full-stack engineers do. 

## Tip of the week
[Vimium plugin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vimium/dbepggeogbaibhgnhhndojpepiihcmeb?hl=en) for Chrome. 
Using a mouse or touchpad takes a lot of time. This plugin allows you to use vim shortcuts to browse the interwebs, so you don't have to use the mouse at all! If you use vim, you should definitely check it out. 

