---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Finished Collatz project

### __What's in your way?__
Not enough time. Have a lot of work for my classes

### __What will you do next week?__
Concentrate on my other classes, but maybe start on project 2. 

---

## Experience in the class
Now (finally) we are having lectures that are different from what was in OOP. 
And the farther we go, the more I like Python.
I was skeptical of dynamic typing before but now I'm starting to get warmer to it. 
Last semester in OOP I remember feeling that lectures were a little too slow. Now, however, they seem to be just fine. 

I want to take a minute to talk about Downing's lecture style. The style is different from what I've seen ever before. 
One of it's big components is calling out students by name and asking them questions. 
I've heard people complain about that,arguing that they have a hard time thinking on the spot. 
I think that generally a good idea that keeps people concentrated. 
And it's not like anyone is being graded based on that. 
However, this time Downing started calling out people who did not read any posts on Piazza and publicly announcing it. 
I think Piazza is a great tool and the more people in the class use it, the more useful it is. However, in my opinion, 
it is a little too much. But I guess this does the job of making people read Piazza?

## Pick of the week

[InterviewBit](https://www.interviewbit.com/) is a website that helps you study for interviews. 
It has many problems organized into different topics, you submit your solution and correctness is tested on their servers
(much like competitive programming). 
