---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Attended class, finished IDB 3! 

### __What's in your way?__
Nothing! I have a lot of free time, so I can work on things!

### __What will you do next week?__
Prepare presentation and visualization for Project.

---

## Project
This phase of the project went the best for me. 
I try to focus not on grades but on the process of learning and even though we did not do everything we wanted for this
project, I actually enjoyed working on it. For Projects 1 and 2 I did a bit of the back-end, whereas for this project
I was focusing more on other things, which kind of stretched my knowledged. Previously, I thought I would not want 
to work on the front-end, now I know that for sure. I am very glad people who like working on the front-end exist.

This phase was definitely less stressful. And I am very happy about it. 

## Quizzes
I know I talked about quizzes quite a bit in the last blog but let me quickly mention them in this one.
Previously, on the class website, Downing said that we would have 36 quizzes and we would get 6 drops.
Now, however, it was changed to 30+N quizzes, and N quizzes will be dropped.
That is disappointing and fair. However, I think quizzes are the hardest part of the class (too hard, if you ask me).
And I wish we had more drops.

Also, if we don't have a quiz, Downing makes it sound like it's a good thing. It is not. It means we get less drops.
So I am not very happy when we have guest speakers because it means no quiz.

## Guest Lecture
That being said, the guest lecture this week was interesting. 
The first part of it was purely them selling a job at Spiceworks to us, which was not exciting.
However, in the second part, they were giving us general adivce. 
In particular, one of the guys was talking about "stock options" as part of your offer, explaining the details of it.
His point was that salary is much more valuable than stock options. I found that to be useful.
I do wish that there were slides from the presentations we have seen though!

## Pick of the week
Last time I suggested something you can stare at forever. Here is another thing: [Genetic Algorithm Walkers](http://rednuht.org/genetic_walkers/).
What is it?
> This observational pastime hopes to evolve walking creatures through genetic algorithms. 
I spent a lot of hours of my life looking at them. You are welcome. 
