---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Worked on our IDB1! You can look at what we did [here](http://startupfairy.com)
It was actually a lot of work doing this but hopefully phase 2 will be easier. We will see. 

### __What's in your way?__
Nothing right now. I have a lot of work to do but thankfully the semester will be over soon (only 6 weeks!)

### __What will you do next week?__
We are going to start working on phase 2. Also, register for classes!

---

## Experience in the class
We are currently getting into SQL which I wanted to learn for a couple of years now. 
I have also been working with SQL for our project for a little bit and in one other class. 
It seems to be pretty useful (and frankly, not very hard). 

Our exam 1 grades were released (finally) and that's a huge relief for me. 

## Pick of the week
Last time I mentioned [Akka](http://akka.io), so I'm going to talk more about it in my "pick of the week".
Akka is a toolkit that let's you build resilient concurrent applications for the JVM. 
Specifically, it emphasizes actor-based concurrency. 

What is actor-based concurrency? Glad you asked. 
Actor-based model is a way to design your application where every instance of a class is its own thread (or process, whatever).
What that essentially means is that threads do not share memory, which eliminates the needs for synchronization 
constructs (like locks). But threads still need to communicate, right? They do it by message-passing. 
Any Actor can receive and send messages. Also, in that way, if one Actor dies for any reason (like in a distributed 
system, a machine is cut off the network), nothing else will completely crash. 
If you want to learn more you can follow this tutorial ([Java](http://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.0.2/intro/getting-started-first-java.html), [Scala](http://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.0/intro/getting-started-first-scala.html)).
Also, [here](https://github.com/ilinum/dining-philosophers-akka) is a solution to the Dining Philosophers problem using Akka.
