---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### __What did you do this past week?__
Studied for the exam and attended class.

### __What's in your way?__
Nothing really (I finally have time!!!). Excited to get started on the new project!

### __What will you do next week?__
Start on the project! Excited to work on it!

---

## Experience in the class
We had the exam last week. I think the exam was good. I felt like it was a fair evaluation of what was covered in class. 
However, what seemed off to me is the similarity of the test with some other class's test (hope I'm not giving away too much). 

I feel like the class keeps getting more interesting. Downing talked about default parameters, named parameters, and parameter
unpacking. I wonder how many of these feature were a thing in Python 2 or did they just add them. 
These are cool features that I wish more languages had (looking at you, Java). Especially default and named parameters. 
I just think that it's sooo so hard to understand what this call is doing:
> PsiTreeUtil.findAncestor(element, PsiClass.class, true);

But if you named the 'true' parameter, it would make a lot more sense.

## Pick of the week
[Article](https://blog.jetbrains.com/pycharm/2015/08/googles-deep-dream-in-pycharm/) on how to work with Google's DeepDream in PyCharm. 
This is how Deep Dream works:

> You show different images to a pre-trained neural network and let it draw what it sees on the images, with the ultimate goal of generating new creative imagery based on artificial intelligence!

This lets you create some really bizzare (slug and dog-looking images from any photo). You can feed it a photo of your friends
and see what comes out!
